# Column Normative Requirements Overview

## Column: Availability Zone

The AvailabilityZone column adheres to the following requirements:

* AvailabilityZone is RECOMMENDED to be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports deploying resources or services within an *availability zone*.
* If present, AvailabilityZone adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * AvailabilityZone MUST be of type String.
  * AvailabilityZone MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
  * AvailabilityZone MAY be null if a charge is not specific to an *availability zone*.

## Column: Billed Cost

### **Billed Cost v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The BilledCost column adheres to the following requirements:

* BilledCost MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BilledCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* BilledCost MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* BilledCost nullability is defined as follows:
  * BilledCost MUST NOT be null.
* BilledCost MUST be a valid decimal value.
* BilledCost MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
* The sum of the BilledCost for [*rows*](#glossary:row) in a given [*billing period*](#glossary:billing-period) MUST match the sum of the invoices received for that *billing period* for a [*billing account*](#glossary:billing-account).

### **Billed Cost v.1.2 (Technical Refinement)**

The BilledCost column adheres to the following requirements:

* BilledCost MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BilledCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* BilledCost MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* BilledCost MUST NOT be null.
* BilledCost MUST be a valid decimal value.
* BilledCost MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
* The sum of the BilledCost for [*rows*](#glossary:row) in a given [*billing period*](#glossary:billing-period) MUST match the sum of the invoices received for that *billing period* for a [*billing account*](#glossary:billing-account).

### **Billed Cost v.1.1 (Original)**

The BilledCost column adheres to the following requirements:

* The BilledCost column MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) and MUST NOT be null.
* This column MUST be of type Decimal, MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat), and be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
* The sum of the BilledCost for [*rows*](#glossary:row) in a given [*billing period*](#glossary:billing-period) MUST match the sum of the invoices received for that *billing period* for a [*billing account*](#glossary:billing-account).

## Column: Billing Account ID

The BillingAccountId column adheres to the following requirements:

* BillingAccountId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BillingAccountId MUST be of type String.
* BillingAccountId MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* BillingAccountId MUST NOT be null.
* BillingAccountId MUST be a globally unique identifier within a provider.

## Column: Billing Account Name

The BillingAccountName column adheres to the following requirements:

* BillingAccountName MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BillingAccountName MUST be of type String.
* BillingAccountName MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* BillingAccountName MUST NOT be null when the provider supports assigning a display name for the *billing account*.
* BillingAccountName MUST be unique within a customer.

## Column: Billing Currency

The BillingCurrency column adheres to the following requirements:

* BillingCurrency MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BillingCurrency MUST be of type String.
* BillingCurrency MUST conform to [Currency Code Format](#currencycodeformat) requirements.
* BillingCurrency MUST NOT be null.
* BillingCurrency MUST match the currency used in the invoice generated by the invoice issuer.

## Column: Billing Period End

The BillingPeriodEnd column adheres to the following requirements:

* BillingPeriodEnd MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BillingPeriodEnd MUST be of type Date/Time.
* BillingPeriodEnd MUST conform to [Date/Time Format](#date/timeformat) requirements.
* BillingPeriodEnd MUST NOT be null.
* BillingPeriodEnd MUST be the *exclusive ending bound* of the *billing period*.
* The sum of the [BilledCost](#billedcost) for [*rows*](#glossary:row) in a given *billing period* MUST match the sum of the invoices received for that *billing period* for a [*billing account*](#glossary:billing-account).

## Column: Billing Period Start

The BillingPeriodStart column adheres to the following requirements:

* BillingPeriodStart MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BillingPeriodStart MUST be of type Date/Time.
* BillingPeriodStart MUST conform to [Date/Time Format](#date/timeformat) requirements.
* BillingPeriodStart MUST NOT be null.
* BillingPeriodStart MUST be the *inclusive beginning bound* of the *billing period*.
* The sum of the [BilledCost](#billedcost) for [*rows*](#glossary:row) in a given *billing period* MUST match the sum of the invoices received for that *billing period* for a [*billing account*](#glossary:billing-account).

## Column: Capacity Reservation ID

The CapacityReservationId column adheres to the following requirements:

* CapacityReservationId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *capacity reservations*.
* If present, CapacityReservationId adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CapacityReservationId MUST be of type String.
  * CapacityReservationId MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
  * CapacityReservationId MUST be null when a charge is not related to a *capacity reservation*.
  * CapacityReservationId SHOULD NOT be null when a charge is related to a capacity reservation.
  * CapacityReservationId MUST NOT be null when a charge represents the unused portion of a *capacity reservation*.
  * CapacityReservationId MUST ensure global uniqueness within the provider.
  * CapacityReservationId SHOULD be a fully-qualified identifier.

## Column: Capacity Reservation Status

The CapacityReservationStatus column adheres to the following requirements:

* CapacityReservationStatus MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *capacity reservations*.
* If present, CapacityReservationStatus adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CapacityReservationStatus MUST be of type String.
  * CapacityReservationStatus MUST be null if CapacityReservationId is null.
  * If CapacityReservationId is not null and [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage", CapacityReservationStatus adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CapacityReservationStatus MUST NOT be null.
    * CapacityReservationStatus MUST be one of the allowed values.
    * CapacityReservationStatus MUST be "Unused" when the charge represents the unused portion of a *capacity reservation*.
    * CapacityReservationStatus MUST be "Used" when the charge represents the used portion of a *capacity reservation*.

## Column: Charge Category

The ChargeCategory column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargeCategory MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargeCategory MUST be of type String.
* ChargeCategory MUST NOT be null.
* ChargeCategory MUST be one of the allowed values.

## Column: Charge Class

The ChargeClass column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargeClass MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargeClass MUST be of type String.
* ChargeClass MUST be null when the row does not represent a correction or when it represents a correction within the current *billing period*.
* When the row represents a correction to a previously invoiced *billing period*, ChargeClass adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ChargeClass MUST NOT be null.
  * ChargeClass MUST be one of the allowed values.
  * ChargeClass MUST be "Correction".

## Column: Charge Description

The ChargeDescription column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargeDescription MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargeDescription MUST be of type String.
* ChargeDescription MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* ChargeDescription SHOULD NOT be null.
* ChargeDescription length SHOULD be specified by providers in their publicly available documentation.

## Column: Charge Frequency

The ChargeFrequency column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargeFrequency is RECOMMENDED to be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* If present, ChargeFrequency adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ChargeFrequency MUST be of type String.
  * ChargeFrequency MUST NOT be null.
  * ChargeFrequency MUST be one of the allowed values.
  * ChargeFrequency MUST NOT be "Usage-Based" if [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Purchase".

## Column: Charge Period End

The ChargePeriodEnd column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargePeriodEnd MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargePeriodEnd MUST be of type Date/Time.
* ChargePeriodEnd MUST conform to [Date/Time Format](#date/timeformat) requirements.
* ChargePeriodEnd MUST NOT be null.
* ChargePeriodEnd MUST be the *exclusive ending bound* of the effective period of the charge.

## Column: Charge Period Start

The ChargePeriodStart column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargePeriodStart MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargePeriodStart MUST be of type Date/Time.
* ChargePeriodStart MUST conform to [Date/Time Format](#date/timeformat) requirements.
* ChargePeriodStart MUST NOT be null.
* ChargePeriodStart MUST be the *inclusive beginning bound* of the effective period of the charge.

## Column: Commitment Discount Category

The CommitmentDiscountCategory column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* If present, CommitmentDiscountCategory adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST be of type String.
  * CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
  * CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST be null if [CommitmentDiscountId](#commitmentdiscountid) is null.
  * If CommitmentDiscountId is not null, CommitmentDiscountCategory adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST NOT be null.
    * CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST be one of the allowed values.

## Column: Commitment Discount ID

The CommitmentDiscountId column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* If present, CommitmentDiscountId adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountId MUST be of type String.
  * CommitmentDiscountId MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
  * CommitmentDiscountId MUST be null when a charge is not related to a *commitment discount*.
  * CommitmentDiscountId MUST NOT be null when a charge is related to a *commitment discount*.
  * CommitmentDiscountId MUST ensure global uniqueness within the provider.
  * CommitmentDiscountId SHOULD be a fully-qualified identifier.

## Column: Commitment Discount Name

The CommitmentDiscountName column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountName MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* If present, CommitmentDiscountName adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountName MUST be of type String.
  * CommitmentDiscountName MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
  * CommitmentDiscountName MUST be null if [CommitmentDiscountId](#commitmentdiscountid) is null.
  * If CommitmentDiscountId is not null, CommitmentDiscountName adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountName MUST NOT be null when a display name can be assigned to a *commitment discount*.
    * CommitmentDiscountName MAY be null when a display name cannot be assigned to a *commitment discount*.

## Column: Commitment Discount Status

The CommitmentDiscountStatus column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountStatus MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* If present, CommitmentDiscountStatus adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountStatus MUST be of type String.
  * CommitmentDiscountStatus MUST be null if [CommitmentDiscountId](#commitmentdiscountid) is null.
  * If CommitmentDiscountId is not null and [Charge Category](#chargecategory) is "Usage", CommitmentDiscountStatus adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountStatus MUST NOT be null.
    * CommitmentDiscountStatus MUST be one of the allowed values.

## Column: Commitment Discount Type

The CommitmentDiscountType column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountType MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* If present, CommitmentDiscountType adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountType MUST be of type String.
  * CommitmentDiscountType MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
  * CommitmentDiscountType MUST be null if [CommitmentDiscountId](#commitmentdiscountid) is null.
  * CommitmentDiscountType MUST NOT be null if CommitmentDiscountId is not null.

## Column: Commitment Discount Quantity

### **CommitmentDiscountQuantity v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The CommitmentDiscountQuantity column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be of type Decimal.
* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* CommitmentDiscountQuantity nullability is defined as follows:
  * When ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and CommitmentDiscountId is not null, CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST NOT be null when [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MAY be null when ChargeClass is "Correction".
  * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be null in all other cases.
* When CommitmentDiscountQuantity is not null, CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be a valid decimal value.
  * When ChargeCategory is "Purchase", CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnits, paid fully or partially upfront, that is eligible for consumption over the *commitment discount's* *term* when [ChargeFrequency](#chargefrequency) is "One-Time".
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnits that is eligible for consumption for each *charge period* that corresponds with the purchase when ChargeFrequency is "Recurring".
  * When ChargeCategory is "Usage", CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the metered quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnits that is consumed over the *row's* *charge period* when [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Used".
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the remaining, unused quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnits for the *row's* *charge period* when CommitmentDiscountStatus is "Unused".

### **CommitmentDiscountQuantity v.1.2 (Technical Refinement)**

The CommitmentDiscountQuantity column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* If present, CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be of type Decimal.
  * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
  * If ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and CommitmentDiscountId is not null, CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST NOT be null if [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MAY be null if ChargeClass is "Correction".
  * Else CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirement:
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be null.
  * If CommitmentDiscountQuantity is not null, CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be a valid decimal value.
    * If ChargeCategory is "Purchase", CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
      * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnits, paid fully or partially upfront, that is eligible for consumption over the *commitment discount's* *term* if [ChargeFrequency](#chargefrequency) is "One-Time".
      * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnits that is eligible for consumption for each *charge period* that corresponds with the purchase if ChargeFrequency is "Recurring".
    * If ChargeCategory is "Usage", CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
      * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the metered quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnits that is consumed over the *row's* *charge period* if [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Used".
      * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the remaining, unused quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnits for the *row's* *charge period* if CommitmentDiscountStatus is "Unused".

### **CommitmentDiscountQuantity v.1.1 (Original)**

The CommitmentDiscountQuantity column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be of type Decimal and MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MAY be null or any valid decimal value if [*CommitmentDiscountId*](#commitmentdiscountid) is not null and [*ChargeClass*](#chargeclass) is "Correction".

In cases where the ChargeCategory is "Purchase", CommitmentDiscountId is not null, and ChargeClass is not "Correction", the following applies:

* When [ChargeFrequency](#chargefrequency) is "One-Time", and CommitmentDiscountId is not null, CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the positive quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnits, paid fully or partially upfront, that is eligible for consumption over the *commitment discount's* *term*.
* When ChargeFrequency is "Recurring", and CommitmentDiscountId is not null, CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the positive quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnits that is eligible for consumption for each *charge period* that corresponds with the purchase.

In cases where the ChargeCategory is "Usage", CommitmentDiscountId is not null, and ChargeClass is not "Correction", the following applies:

* When [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Used", CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the positive, metered quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnits that is consumed over the *row's* *charge period*.
* When CommitmentDiscountStatus is "Unused", CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the remaining, positive, unused quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnits for the *row's* *charge period*.

CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be null in all other cases.

## Column: Commitment Discount Unit

The CommitmentDiscountUnit column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* If present, CommitmentDiscountUnit adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST be of type String.
  * CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
  * CommitmentDiscountUnit SHOULD conform to [UnitFormat](#unitformat) requirements.
  * If ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [CommitmentDiscountId](#commitmentdiscountid) is not null, CommitmentDiscountUnit adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST NOT be null if [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
    * CommitmentDiscountUnit MAY be null if ChargeClass is "Correction".
  * Else CommitmentDiscountUnit adheres to the following additional requirement:
    * CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST be null.
  * If CommitmentDiscountUnit is not null, CommitmentDiscountUnit adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST remain consistent over time for a given CommitmentDiscountId.
    * CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST represent the unit used to measure the *commitment discount*.
    * When accounting for [*commitment discount flexibility*](#glossary:commitment-discount-flexibility), the CommitmentDiscountUnit value SHOULD reflect this consideration.

## Column: Consumed Quantity

The ConsumedQuantity column adheres to the following requirements:

* ConsumedQuantity MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports the measurement of usage.
* If present, ConsumedQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ConsumedQuantity MUST be of type Decimal.
  * ConsumedQuantity MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
  * ConsumedQuantity MUST be null if [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is not "Usage", or if ChargeCategory is "Usage" and [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Unused".
  * If ChargeCategory is "Usage" and CommitmentDiscountStatus is not "Unused", ConsumedQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * ConsumedQuantity MUST NOT be null if [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
    * ConsumedQuantity MAY be null if ChargeClass is "Correction"."
  * If ConsumedQuantity is not null, ConsumedQuantity adheres to the following additional requirement:
    * ConsumedQuantity MUST be a valid decimal value.

## Column: Consumed Unit

The ConsumedUnit column adheres to the following requirements:

* ConsumedUnit MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports the measurement of usage.
* If present, ConsumedUnit adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ConsumedUnit MUST be of type String.
  * ConsumedUnit MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
  * ConsumedUnit SHOULD conform to [UnitFormat](#unitformat) requirements.
  * ConsumedUnit MUST be null if [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is not "Usage", or if ChargeCategory is "Usage" and [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Unused".
  * If ChargeCategory is "Usage" and CommitmentDiscountStatus is not "Unused", ConsumedUnit adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * ConsumedUnit MUST NOT be null if [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
    * ConsumedUnit MAY be null if ChargeClass is "Correction".

## Column: Contracted Cost

The ContractedCost column adheres to the following requirements:

* ContractedCost MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ContractedCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* ContractedCost MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* ContractedCost MUST NOT be null.
* ContractedCost MUST be a valid decimal value.
* ContractedCost MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
* If [ContractedUnitPrice](#contractedunitprice) is present and null, ContractedCost adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ContractedCost of a charge calculated based on other charges (e.g., when the [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax") MUST be calculated based on the ContractedCost of those related charges.
  * ContractedCost of a charge unrelated to other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Credit") MUST match the [BilledCost](#billedcost).
  * The product of ContractedUnitPrice and PricingQuantity and MUST match the ContractedCost if ContractedUnitPrice is present and not null, PricingQuantity is not null, and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
* Discrepancies in ContractedCost, ContractedUnitPrice, or PricingQuantity MAY be addressed independently if ChargeClass is "Correction".

## Column: Contracted Unit Price

The ContractedUnitPrice column adheres to the following requirements:

* ContractedUnitPrice MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports negotiated pricing concepts.
* If present, ContractedUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirements:
* ContractedUnitPrice MUST be of type Decimal.
* ContractedUnitPrice MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
  * If [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax", ContractedUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirement:
    * ContractedUnitPrice MUST be null.
  * Else if ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction", ContractedUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirement:
    * ContractedUnitPrice MUST NOT be null.
  * Else ContractedUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirement:
    * ContractedUnitPrice MAY be null.
  * If ContractedUnitPrice is not null, ContractedUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * ContractedUnitPrice MUST be a non-negative decimal value.
    * ContractedUnitPrice MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
    * The product of ContractedUnitPrice and [PricingQuantity](#pricingquantity) MUST match the [ContractedCost](#contractedcost) if PricingQuantity is not null and ChargeClass is not "Correction".
  * Discrepancies in ContractedUnitPrice, ContractedCost, or PricingQuantity MAY be addressed independently if ChargeClass is "Correction".

## Column: Effective Cost

The EffectiveCost column adheres to the following requirements:

* EffectiveCost MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* EffectiveCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* EffectiveCost MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* EffectiveCost MUST NOT be null.
* EffectiveCost MUST be a valid decimal value.
* EffectiveCost MUST be 0 if [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Purchase" and the purchase is intended to cover future eligible charges.
* EffectiveCost MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
* The sum of EffectiveCost for *rows* in a given *billing period* may not match the sum of the invoices received for the same *billing period* for a [*billing account*](#glossary:billing-account).
* When CommitmentDiscountStatus is "Unused", the EffectiveCost MUST be the total committed cost consumed for the given charge period minus related usage charges.
* If ChargeCategory is not "Usage" or "Purchase", EffectiveCost adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * EffectiveCost of a charge calculated based on other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Tax") MUST be calculated based on the EffectiveCost of those related charges.
  * EffectiveCost of a charge unrelated to other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Credit") MUST match the [BilledCost](#billedcost).

## Column: Invoice Issuer

The InvoiceIssuerName column adheres to the following requirements:

* InvoiceIssuerName MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* InvoiceIssuerName MUST be of type String.
* InvoiceIssuerName MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* InvoiceIssuerName MUST NOT be null.

## Column: List Cost

The ListCost column adheres to the following requirements:

* ListCost MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ListCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* ListCost MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* ListCost MUST NOT be null.
* ListCost MUST be a valid decimal value.
* ListCost MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
* If [ListUnitPrice](#listunitprice) is present and null, ListCost adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ListCost of a charge calculated based on other charges (e.g., when the [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax") MUST be calculated based on the ListCost of those related charges.
  * ListCost of a charge unrelated to other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Credit") MUST match the [BilledCost](#billedcost).
  * The product of ListUnitPrice and PricingQuantity and MUST match the ListCost if ListUnitPrice is present and not null, PricingQuantity is not null, and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
* Discrepancies in ListCost, ListUnitPrice, or PricingQuantity MAY be addressed independently if ChargeClass is "Correction".

## Column: List Unit Price

### **List Unit Price v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ListUnitPrice column adheres to the following requirements:

* ListUnitPrice MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider publishes unit prices exclusive of discounts.
* ListUnitPrice MUST be of type Decimal.
* ListUnitPrice MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* ListUnitPrice nullability is defined as follows:
  * ListUnitPrice MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax".
  * ListUnitPrice MUST NOT be null when ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
  * ListUnitPrice MAY be null in all other cases.
* When ListUnitPrice is not null, ListUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ListUnitPrice MUST be a non-negative decimal value.
  * ListUnitPrice MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
  * The product of ListUnitPrice and [PricingQuantity](#pricingquantity) MUST match the [ListCost](#listcost) when PricingQuantity is not null and ChargeClass is not "Correction".
  * Discrepancies in ListUnitPrice, ListCost, or PricingQuantity MAY be addressed independently when ChargeClass is "Correction".

### **List Unit Price v.1.2 (Technical Refinement)**

The ListUnitPrice column adheres to the following requirements:

* ListUnitPrice MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider publishes unit prices exclusive of discounts.
* If present, ListUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ListUnitPrice MUST be of type Decimal.
  * ListUnitPrice MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
  * If [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax", ListUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirement:
    * ListUnitPrice MUST be null.
  * Else if ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction", ListUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirement:
    * ListUnitPrice MUST NOT be null.
  * Else ListUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirement:
    * ListUnitPrice MAY be null.
  * If ListUnitPrice is not null, ListUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * ListUnitPrice MUST be a non-negative decimal value.
    * ListUnitPrice MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
    * The product of ListUnitPrice and [PricingQuantity](#pricingquantity) MUST match the [ListCost](#listcost) if PricingQuantity is not null and ChargeClass is not "Correction".
  * Discrepancies in ListUnitPrice, ListCost, or PricingQuantity MAY be addressed independently if ChargeClass is "Correction".

### **List Unit Price v.1.1 (Original)**

The ListUnitPrice column adheres to the following requirements:

* The ListUnitPrice column MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider publishes unit prices exclusive of discounts.
* This column MUST be a Decimal within the range of non-negative decimal values, MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements, and be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
* It MUST NOT be null when [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction" and [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage" or "Purchase", MUST be null when ChargeCategory is "Tax", and MAY be null for all other combinations of ChargeClass and ChargeCategory.
* When ListUnitPrice is present and is not null, multiplying ListUnitPrice by [PricingQuantity](#pricingquantity) MUST equal [ListCost](#listcost), except in cases of ChargeClass "Correction", which may address PricingQuantity or any cost discrepancies independently.

## Column: Pricing Category
## Column: Pricing Quantity
## Column: Pricing Unit
## Column: Provider
## Column: Publisher
## Column: Region ID
## Column: Region Name
## Column: Resource ID
## Column: Resource Name
## Column: Resource Type
## Column: Service Category
## Column: Service Name
## Column: Service Subcategory
## Column: SKU ID
## Column: SKU Meter
## Column: SKU Price Details
## Column: SKU Price ID
## Column: Sub Account ID
## Column: Sub Account Name
## Column: Tags
