### Billing Currency

Billing Currency is an identifier that represents the currency that a charge for resources and/or services was billed in. Billing Currency is commonly used in scenarios where costs need to be grouped or aggregated.

The BillingCurrency column MUST be present in the billing data. BillingCurrency MUST match the currency used in the invoice generated by the invoice issuer. This column must be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values. BillingCurrency MUST be one of the values supported in [ISO 4217:2015](https://www.iso.org/standard/64758.html).

[Attribute: Currency Code Format](link) contains further details about formatting requirements for currency values.

Column ID

BillingCurrency

#### Display name

Billing Currency

#### Description

Represents the currency that a charge was billed in.

| Constraint      | Value                               |
|-----------------|-------------------------------------|
| Column required | True                                |
| Data type       | String                              |
| Allows nulls    | False                               |
| Value format    | list-of-values                      |
| Allowed Values  | Values supported in  ISO 4217:2015. |

#### Introduced (version)

0.5

Supporting content
------------------

#### Example provider mappings

Current column mappings found in available data sets:

| Provider | Data set                 | Column         |
|----------|--------------------------|----------------|
| AWS      | CUR                      | CurrencyCode   |
| GCP      | Big Query Billing Export | Currency       |
| Azure    | Cost details             | BilledCurrency |

#### Example usage scenarios

Current values observed in billing data for various scenarios:

| Provider | Data set                 | Example Value |
|----------|--------------------------|---------------|
| AWS      | CUR                      | USD           |
| GCP      | Big Query Billing Export | USD           |
| Azure    | Cost details             | USD           |

#### Requirements

- For monetary values representing the amount charged for an invoice or for an overall charge, the underlying charge to be formatted should be represented as a decimal or string format

- Prices and charges will be returned in currency set on the billing account unless a specific currency is included on the request

- The character used as the thousands or decimal separator will be determined by the underlying currency being returned, based on industry standards

References:

AWS: <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cur/latest/userguide/Lineitem-columns.html#l-C>

GCP: <https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/resources/currency>

Azure: <https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/faq/>

#### Discussion / Scratch space:

There is a dimension of currency rate conversions for billing data with multiple currencies. <https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/resources/currency>. We will consider adding currency conversion rates to future versions of the specification

- BillingCurrency preferred over BilledCurrency to avoid misunderstanding about if this column only applies to 'Billed Cost' or if all billing cost columns (e.g. this applies to amortized cost as well)