# Column Normative Requirements - Simplified Refinement Overview

## Column: Availability Zone

### **Availability Zone Cost v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The AvailabilityZone column adheres to the following requirements:

* AvailabilityZone is RECOMMENDED to be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports deploying resources or services within an *availability zone*.
* AvailabilityZone MUST be of type String.
* AvailabilityZone MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* AvailabilityZone MAY be null when a charge is not specific to an *availability zone*.

## Column: Billed Cost

### **Billed Cost v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The BilledCost column adheres to the following requirements:

* BilledCost MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BilledCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* BilledCost MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* BilledCost MUST NOT be null.
* BilledCost MUST be a valid decimal value.
* BilledCost MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
* The sum of BilledCost in a given [*billing period*](#glossary:billing-period) MUST match the sum of the invoices received for that *billing period* for a [*billing account*](#glossary:billing-account).

## Column: Billing Account ID

### **Billing Account ID v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The BillingAccountId column adheres to the following requirements:

* BillingAccountId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BillingAccountId MUST be of type String.
* BillingAccountId MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* BillingAccountId MUST NOT be null.
* BillingAccountId MUST be a unique identifier within a provider.

## Column: Billing Account Name

### **Billing Account Name v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The BillingAccountName column adheres to the following requirements:

* BillingAccountName MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BillingAccountName MUST be of type String.
* BillingAccountName MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* BillingAccountName MUST NOT be null when the provider supports assigning a display name for the *billing account*.
* BillingAccountName MUST be unique within a customer.

## Column: Billing Currency

### **Billing Currency v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The BillingCurrency column adheres to the following requirements:

* BillingCurrency MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BillingCurrency MUST be of type String.
* BillingCurrency MUST conform to [Currency Code Format](#currencycodeformat) requirements.
* BillingCurrency MUST NOT be null.
* BillingCurrency MUST match the currency used in the invoice generated by the invoice issuer.

## Column: Billing Period End

### **Billing Period End v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The BillingPeriodEnd column adheres to the following requirements:

* BillingPeriodEnd MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BillingPeriodEnd MUST be of type Date/Time.
* BillingPeriodEnd MUST conform to [Date/Time Format](#date/timeformat) requirements.
* BillingPeriodEnd MUST NOT be null.
* BillingPeriodEnd MUST be the *exclusive ending bound* of the *billing period*.
* The sum of [BilledCost](#billedcost) in a given *billing period* MUST match the sum of the invoices received for that *billing period* for a [*billing account*](#glossary:billing-account).

## Column: Billing Period Start

### **Billing Period Start v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The BillingPeriodStart column adheres to the following requirements:

* BillingPeriodStart MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* BillingPeriodStart MUST be of type Date/Time.
* BillingPeriodStart MUST conform to [Date/Time Format](#date/timeformat) requirements.
* BillingPeriodStart MUST NOT be null.
* BillingPeriodStart MUST be the *inclusive beginning bound* of the *billing period*.
* The sum of [BilledCost](#billedcost) in a given *billing period* MUST match the sum of the invoices received for that *billing period* for a [*billing account*](#glossary:billing-account).

## Column: Capacity Reservation ID

### **Capacity Reservation ID v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The CapacityReservationId column adheres to the following requirements:

* CapacityReservationId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *capacity reservations*.
* CapacityReservationId MUST be of type String.
* CapacityReservationId MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* CapacityReservationId nullability is defined as follows:
  * CapacityReservationId MUST be null when a charge is not related to a *capacity reservation*.
  * CapacityReservationId MUST NOT be null when a charge represents the unused portion of a *capacity reservation*.
  * CapacityReservationId SHOULD NOT be null when a charge is related to a capacity reservation.
* When CapacityReservationId is not null, CapacityReservationId adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CapacityReservationId MUST be a unique identifier within the provider.
  * CapacityReservationId SHOULD be a fully-qualified identifier.

## Column: Capacity Reservation Status

### **Capacity Reservation Status v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The CapacityReservationStatus column adheres to the following requirements:

* CapacityReservationStatus MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *capacity reservations*.
* CapacityReservationStatus MUST be of type String.
* CapacityReservationStatus nullability is defined as follows:
  * CapacityReservationStatus MUST be null when CapacityReservationId is null.
  * CapacityReservationStatus MUST NOT be null when CapacityReservationId is not null and [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage".
* When CapacityReservationStatus is not null, CapacityReservationStatus adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CapacityReservationStatus MUST be one of the allowed values.
  * CapacityReservationStatus MUST be "Unused" when the charge represents the unused portion of a *capacity reservation*.
  * CapacityReservationStatus MUST be "Used" when the charge represents the used portion of a *capacity reservation*.

## Column: Charge Category

### **Charge Category v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ChargeCategory column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargeCategory MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargeCategory MUST be of type String.
* ChargeCategory MUST NOT be null.
* ChargeCategory MUST be one of the allowed values.

## Column: Charge Class

### **Charge Class v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ChargeClass column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargeClass MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargeClass MUST be of type String.
* ChargeClass nullability is defined as follows:
  * ChargeClass MUST be null when the row does not represent a correction or when it represents a correction within the current *billing period*.
  * ChargeClass MUST NOT be null when the row represents a correction to a previously invoiced *billing period*.
* When ChargeClass is not null, ChargeClass adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ChargeClass MUST be one of the allowed values.
  * ChargeClass MUST be "Correction".

## Column: Charge Description

### **Charge Description v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ChargeDescription column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargeDescription MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargeDescription MUST be of type String.
* ChargeDescription MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* ChargeDescription SHOULD NOT be null.
* ChargeDescription length SHOULD be specified by providers in their publicly available documentation.

## Column: Charge Frequency

### **Charge Frequency v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ChargeFrequency column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargeFrequency is RECOMMENDED to be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargeFrequency MUST be of type String.
* ChargeFrequency MUST NOT be null.
* ChargeFrequency MUST be one of the allowed values.
* ChargeFrequency MUST NOT be "Usage-Based" when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Purchase".

## Column: Charge Period End

### **Charge Period End v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ChargePeriodEnd column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargePeriodEnd MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargePeriodEnd MUST be of type Date/Time.
* ChargePeriodEnd MUST conform to [Date/Time Format](#date/timeformat) requirements.
* ChargePeriodEnd MUST NOT be null.
* ChargePeriodEnd MUST be the *exclusive ending bound* of the effective period of the charge.

## Column: Charge Period Start

### **Charge Period Start v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ChargePeriodStart column adheres to the following requirements:

* ChargePeriodStart MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ChargePeriodStart MUST be of type Date/Time.
* ChargePeriodStart MUST conform to [Date/Time Format](#date/timeformat) requirements.
* ChargePeriodStart MUST NOT be null.
* ChargePeriodStart MUST be the *inclusive beginning bound* of the effective period of the charge.

## Column: Commitment Discount Category

### **Commitment Discount Category v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The CommitmentDiscountCategory column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST be of type String.
* CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST be null when [CommitmentDiscountId](#commitmentdiscountid) is null.
* When CommitmentDiscountId is not null, CommitmentDiscountCategory adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST NOT be null.
  * CommitmentDiscountCategory MUST be one of the allowed values.

## Column: Commitment Discount ID

### **Commitment Discount ID v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The CommitmentDiscountId column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* CommitmentDiscountId MUST be of type String.
* CommitmentDiscountId MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* CommitmentDiscountId nullability is defined as follows:
  * CommitmentDiscountId MUST be null when a charge is not related to a *commitment discount*.
  * CommitmentDiscountId MUST NOT be null when a charge is related to a *commitment discount*.
* When CommitmentDiscountId is not null, CommitmentDiscountId adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountId MUST be a unique identifier within the provider.
  * CommitmentDiscountId SHOULD be a fully-qualified identifier.

## Column: Commitment Discount Name

### **Commitment Discount Name v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The CommitmentDiscountName column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountName MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* CommitmentDiscountName MUST be of type String.
* CommitmentDiscountName MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* CommitmentDiscountName MUST be null when [CommitmentDiscountId](#commitmentdiscountid) is null.
* When CommitmentDiscountId is not null, CommitmentDiscountName adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountName MUST NOT be null when a display name can be assigned to a *commitment discount*.
  * CommitmentDiscountName MAY be null when a display name cannot be assigned to a *commitment discount*.

## Column: Commitment Discount Status

### **Commitment Discount Status v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The CommitmentDiscountStatus column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountStatus MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* CommitmentDiscountStatus MUST be of type String.
* CommitmentDiscountStatus nullability is defined as follows:
  * CommitmentDiscountStatus MUST be null when [CommitmentDiscountId](#commitmentdiscountid) is null.
  * CommitmentDiscountStatus MUST NOT be null when CommitmentDiscountId is not null and [Charge Category](#chargecategory) is "Usage".
* CommitmentDiscountStatus MUST be one of the allowed values.

## Column: Commitment Discount Type

### **Commitment Discount Type v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The CommitmentDiscountType column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountType MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* CommitmentDiscountType MUST be of type String.
* CommitmentDiscountType MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* CommitmentDiscountType nullability is defined as follows:
  * CommitmentDiscountType MUST be null when [CommitmentDiscountId](#commitmentdiscountid) is null.
  * CommitmentDiscountType MUST NOT be null when CommitmentDiscountId is not null.

## Column: Commitment Discount Quantity

### **CommitmentDiscountQuantity v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The CommitmentDiscountQuantity column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be of type Decimal.
* CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* CommitmentDiscountQuantity nullability is defined as follows:
  * When ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and CommitmentDiscountId is not null, CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST NOT be null when [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MAY be null when ChargeClass is "Correction".
  * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be null in all other cases.
* When CommitmentDiscountQuantity is not null, CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be a valid decimal value.
  * When ChargeCategory is "Purchase", CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnit, paid fully or partially upfront, that is eligible for consumption over the *commitment discount's* *term* when [ChargeFrequency](#chargefrequency) is "One-Time".
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnit that is eligible for consumption for each *charge period* that corresponds with the purchase when ChargeFrequency is "Recurring".
  * When ChargeCategory is "Usage", CommitmentDiscountQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the metered quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnit that is consumed in a given *charge period* when [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Used".
    * CommitmentDiscountQuantity MUST be the remaining, unused quantity of CommitmentDiscountUnit in a given *charge period* when CommitmentDiscountStatus is "Unused".

## Column: Commitment Discount Unit

### **Commitment Discount Unit v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The CommitmentDiscountUnit column adheres to the following requirements:

* CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *commitment discounts*.
* CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST be of type String.
* CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* CommitmentDiscountUnit SHOULD conform to [UnitFormat](#unitformat) requirements.
* CommitmentDiscountUnit nullability is defined as follows:
  * When ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [CommitmentDiscountId](#commitmentdiscountid) is not null, CommitmentDiscountUnit adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST NOT be null when [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
    * CommitmentDiscountUnit MAY be null when ChargeClass is "Correction".
  * CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST be null in all other cases.
* When CommitmentDiscountUnit is not null, CommitmentDiscountUnit adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST remain consistent over time for a given CommitmentDiscountId.
  * CommitmentDiscountUnit MUST represent the unit used to measure the *commitment discount*.
  * When accounting for [*commitment discount flexibility*](#glossary:commitment-discount-flexibility), the CommitmentDiscountUnit value SHOULD reflect this consideration.

## Column: Consumed Quantity

### **Consumed Quantity v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ConsumedQuantity column adheres to the following requirements:

* ConsumedQuantity MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports the measurement of usage.
* ConsumedQuantity MUST be of type Decimal.
* ConsumedQuantity MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* ConsumedQuantity nullability is defined as follows:
  * ConsumedQuantity MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is not "Usage", or when ChargeCategory is "Usage" and [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Unused".
  * When ChargeCategory is "Usage" and CommitmentDiscountStatus is not "Unused", ConsumedQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * ConsumedQuantity MUST NOT be null when [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
    * ConsumedQuantity MAY be null when ChargeClass is "Correction"."
* ConsumedQuantity MUST be a valid decimal value when not null.

## Column: Consumed Unit

### **Consumed Unit v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ConsumedUnit column adheres to the following requirements:

* ConsumedUnit MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports the measurement of usage.
* ConsumedUnit MUST be of type String.
* ConsumedUnit MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* ConsumedUnit SHOULD conform to [UnitFormat](#unitformat) requirements.
* ConsumedUnit nullability is defined as follows:
  * ConsumedUnit MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is not "Usage", or when ChargeCategory is "Usage" and [CommitmentDiscountStatus](#commitmentdiscountstatus) is "Unused".
  * When ChargeCategory is "Usage" and CommitmentDiscountStatus is not "Unused", ConsumedUnit adheres to the following additional requirements:
    * ConsumedUnit MUST NOT be null when [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
    * ConsumedUnit MAY be null when ChargeClass is "Correction".

## Column: Contracted Cost

### **Contracted Cost v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ContractedCost column adheres to the following requirements:

* ContractedCost MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ContractedCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* ContractedCost MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* ContractedCost MUST NOT be null.
* ContractedCost MUST be a valid decimal value.
* ContractedCost MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
* When [ContractedUnitPrice](#contractedunitprice) is null, ContractedCost adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ContractedCost of a charge calculated based on other charges (e.g., when the [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax") MUST be calculated based on the ContractedCost of those related charges.
  * ContractedCost of a charge unrelated to other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Credit") MUST match the [BilledCost](#billedcost).
* The product of ContractedUnitPrice and PricingQuantity MUST match the ContractedCost when ContractedUnitPrice is not null, PricingQuantity is not null, and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
* Discrepancies in ContractedCost, ContractedUnitPrice, or PricingQuantity MAY be addressed independently when ChargeClass is "Correction".

## Column: Contracted Unit Price

### **Contracted Unit Price v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ContractedUnitPrice column adheres to the following requirements:

* ContractedUnitPrice MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports negotiated pricing concepts.
* ContractedUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirements:
* ContractedUnitPrice MUST be of type Decimal.
* ContractedUnitPrice MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* ContractedUnitPrice nullability is defined as follows:
  * ContractedUnitPrice MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax".
  * ContractedUnitPrice MUST NOT be null when ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
  * ListUnitPrice MAY be null in all other cases.
* When ContractedUnitPrice is not null, ContractedUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ContractedUnitPrice MUST be a non-negative decimal value.
  * ContractedUnitPrice MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
  * The product of ContractedUnitPrice and [PricingQuantity](#pricingquantity) MUST match the [ContractedCost](#contractedcost) when PricingQuantity is not null and ChargeClass is not "Correction".
* Discrepancies in ContractedUnitPrice, ContractedCost, or PricingQuantity MAY be addressed independently when ChargeClass is "Correction".

## Column: Effective Cost

### **Effective Cost v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The EffectiveCost column adheres to the following requirements:

* EffectiveCost MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* EffectiveCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* EffectiveCost MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* EffectiveCost MUST NOT be null.
* EffectiveCost MUST be a valid decimal value.
* EffectiveCost MUST be 0 when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Purchase" and the purchase is intended to cover future eligible charges.
* EffectiveCost MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
* The sum of EffectiveCost in a given *billing period* may not match the sum of the invoices received for the same *billing period* for a [*billing account*](#glossary:billing-account).
* When ChargeCategory is not "Usage" or "Purchase", EffectiveCost adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * EffectiveCost of a charge calculated based on other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Tax") MUST be calculated based on the EffectiveCost of those related charges.
  * EffectiveCost of a charge unrelated to other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Credit") MUST match the [BilledCost](#billedcost).
* When CommitmentDiscountStatus is "Unused", the EffectiveCost MUST be the total committed cost consumed for the given charge period minus related usage charges.

## Column: Invoice Issuer

### **Invoice Issuer v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The InvoiceIssuerName column adheres to the following requirements:

* InvoiceIssuerName MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* InvoiceIssuerName MUST be of type String.
* InvoiceIssuerName MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* InvoiceIssuerName MUST NOT be null.

## Column: List Cost

### **List Cost v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ListCost column adheres to the following requirements:

* ListCost MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ListCost MUST be of type Decimal.
* ListCost MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* ListCost MUST NOT be null.
* ListCost MUST be a valid decimal value.
* ListCost MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
* When [ListUnitPrice](#listunitprice) is null, ListCost adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ListCost of a charge calculated based on other charges (e.g., when the [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax") MUST be calculated based on the ListCost of those related charges.
  * ListCost of a charge unrelated to other charges (e.g., when the ChargeCategory is "Credit") MUST match the [BilledCost](#billedcost).
* The product of ListUnitPrice and PricingQuantity MUST match the ListCost when ListUnitPrice is not null, PricingQuantity is not null, and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
* Discrepancies in ListCost, ListUnitPrice, or PricingQuantity MAY be addressed independently when ChargeClass is "Correction".

## Column: List Unit Price

### **List Unit Price v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ListUnitPrice column adheres to the following requirements:

* ListUnitPrice MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider publishes unit prices exclusive of discounts.
* ListUnitPrice MUST be of type Decimal.
* ListUnitPrice MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* ListUnitPrice nullability is defined as follows:
  * ListUnitPrice MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax".
  * ListUnitPrice MUST NOT be null when ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
  * ListUnitPrice MAY be null in all other cases.
* When ListUnitPrice is not null, ListUnitPrice adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ListUnitPrice MUST be a non-negative decimal value.
  * ListUnitPrice MUST be denominated in the BillingCurrency.
  * The product of ListUnitPrice and [PricingQuantity](#pricingquantity) MUST match the [ListCost](#listcost) when PricingQuantity is not null and ChargeClass is not "Correction".
  * Discrepancies in ListUnitPrice, ListCost, or PricingQuantity MAY be addressed independently when ChargeClass is "Correction".

## Column: Pricing Category

### **Pricing Category v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The PricingCategory column adheres to the following requirements:

* PricingCategory MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports more than one pricing category across all SKUs.
* PricingCategory MUST be of type String.
* PricingCategory nullability is defined as follows:
  * PricingCategory MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax".
  * PricingCategory MUST NOT be null when ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
  * PricingCategory MAY be null in all other cases.
* When PricingCategory is not null, PricingCategory adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * PricingCategory MUST be one of the allowed values.
  * PricingCategory MUST be "Standard" when pricing is predetermined at the agreed upon rate for the [billing account](#glossary:billing-account).
  * PricingCategory MUST be "Committed" when the charge is subject to an existing *commitment discount* and is not the purchase of the *commitment discount*.
  * PricingCategory MUST be "Dynamic" when pricing is determined by the provider and may change over time, regardless of predetermined agreement pricing.
  * PricingCategory MUST be "Other" when there is a pricing model but none of the allowed values apply.

## Column: Pricing Quantity

### **PricingQuantity v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The PricingQuantity column adheres to the following requirements:

* PricingQuantity MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* PricingQuantity MUST be of type Decimal.
* PricingQuantity MUST conform to [Numeric Format](#numericformat) requirements.
* PricingQuantity nullability is defined as follows:
  * PricingQuantity MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax".
  * PricingQuantity MUST NOT be null when ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
  * PricingQuantity MAY be null in all other cases.
* When PricingQuantity is not null, PricingQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * PricingQuantity MUST be a valid decimal value.
  * The product of PricingQuantity and a unit price (e.g., [ContractedUnitPrice](#contractedunitprice)) MUST match the corresponding cost metric (e.g., [ContractedCost](#contractedcost)) when the unit price is not null and ChargeClass is not "Correction".
* Discrepancies in PricingQuantity, unit prices (e.g., ContractedUnitPrice), or costs (e.g., ContractedCost) MAY be addressed independently when ChargeClass is "Correction".

## Column: Pricing Unit

### **Pricing Unit v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The PricingUnit column adheres to the following requirements:

* PricingUnit MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* PricingUnit MUST be of type String.
* PricingUnit MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* PricingUnit SHOULD conform to [UnitFormat](#unitformat) requirements.
* PricingUnit nullability is defined as follows:
  * PricingUnit MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax".
  * PricingUnit MUST NOT be null when ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
  * PricingUnit MAY be null in all other cases.
* When PricingUnit is not null, PricingUnit adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * PricingUnit MUST be semantically equal to the corresponding pricing measurement unit provided in provider-published [*price list*](#glossary:price-list).
  * PricingUnit MUST be semantically equal to the corresponding pricing measurement unit provided in invoice, when the invoice includes a pricing measurement unit.

## Column: Provider

### **ProviderName v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ProviderName column adheres to the following requirements:

* ProviderName MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ProviderName MUST be of type String.
* ProviderName MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* ProviderName MUST NOT be null.

## Column: Publisher

### **Publisher v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The PublisherName column adheres to the following requirements:

* PublisherName MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* PublisherName MUST be of type String.
* PublisherName MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* PublisherName MUST NOT be null.

## Column: Region ID

### **Region ID v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The RegionId column adheres to the following requirements:

* RegionId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports deploying resources or services within a region.
* RegionId MUST be of type String.
* RegionId MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* Region ID nullability is defined as follows:
  * RegionId MUST NOT be null when a *resource* or *service* is operated in or managed from a distinct region.
  * RegionId MAY be null when a *resource* or *service* is not operated in or managed from a distinct region.

## Column: Region Name

### **Region Name v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The RegionName column adheres to the following requirements:

* RegionName MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports deploying resources or services within a region.
* RegionName MUST be of type String.
* RegionName MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* RegionName nullability is defined as follows:
  * RegionName MUST be null when [RegionId](#regionid) is null.
  * RegionName MUST NOT be null when RegionId is not null.

## Column: Resource ID

### **Resource ID v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ResourceId column adheres to the following requirements:

* ResourceId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports billing based on provisioned resources.
* ResourceId MUST be of type String.
* ResourceId MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* ResourceId nullability is defined as follows:
  * ResourceId MUST be null when a charge is not related to a *resource*.
  * ResourceId MUST NOT be null when a charge is related to a *resource*.
* When ResourceId is not null, ResourceId adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * ResourceId MUST be a unique identifier within the provider.
  * ResourceId SHOULD be a fully-qualified identifier.

## Column: Resource Name

### **Resource Name v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ResourceName column adheres to the following requirements:

* ResourceName MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports billing based on provisioned resources.
* ResourceName MUST be of type String.
* ResourceName MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* ResourceName nullability is defined as follows:
  * ResourceName MUST be null when [ResourceId](#resourceid) is null or when the *resource* only has a system-generated ResourceId without an assigned display name.
  * ResourceName MUST NOT be null when ResourceId is not null and the *resource* has an assigned display name.
* ResourceName MUST NOT duplicate ResourceId when the *resources* is not provisioned interactively or only has a system-generated [ResourceId](#resourceid).

## Column: Resource Type

### **Resource Type v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ResourceType column adheres to the following requirements:

* ResourceType MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports billing based on provisioned resources and supports assigning types to resources.
* ResourceType MUST be of type String.
* ResourceType MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* ResourceType nullability is defined as follows:
  * ResourceType MUST be null when [ResourceId](#resourceid) is null.
  * ResourceType MUST NOT be null when ResourceId is not null.

## Column: Service Category

### **Service Category v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ServiceCategory column adheres to the following requirements:

* ServiceCategory MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ServiceCategory MUST be of type String.
* ServiceCategory MUST NOT be null.
* ServiceCategory MUST be one of the allowed values.

## Column: Service Name

### **Service Name v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ServiceName column adheres to the following requirements:

* ServiceName MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ServiceName MUST be of type String.
* ServiceName MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* ServiceName MUST NOT be null.

## Column: Service Subcategory

### **Service Subcategory v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The ServiceSubcategory column adheres to the following requirements:

* ServiceSubcategory is RECOMMENDED to be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ServiceSubcategory MUST be of type String.
* ServiceSubcategory MUST NOT be null.
* ServiceSubcategory MUST be one of the allowed values.
* ServiceSubcategory MUST have one and only one parent ServiceCategory as specified in the allowed values below.
* Though a given *service* can have multiple purposes, each *service* SHOULD have one and only one ServiceSubcategory that best aligns with its primary purpose

## Column: SKU ID

### **SKU ID v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The SkuId column adheres to the following requirements:

* SkuId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider publishes a SKU list.
* SkuId MUST be of type String.
* SkuId MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* SkuId nullability is defined as follows:
  * SkuId MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax".
  * SkuId MUST NOT be null when ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
  * SkuId MAY be null in all other cases.
* SkuId MUST equal SkuPriceId when a provider does not support an overarching SKU ID construct.

## Column: SKU Meter

### **SKU Meter v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The SkuMeter column adheres to the following requirements:

* SkuMeter MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider publishes a SKU list.
* SkuMeter MUST be of type String.
* SkuMeter MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* SkuMeter nullability is defined as follows:
  * SkuMeter MUST be null when [SkuId](#skuid) is null.
  * SkuMeter SHOULD NOT be null when SkuId is not null.
* SkuMeter SHOULD remain consistent over time for a given SkuId.

## Column: SKU Price Details

### **SKU Price Details v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The SkuPriceDetails column adheres to the following requirements:

* SkuPriceDetails MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider publishes a SKU price list.
* SkuPriceDetails MUST conform to [KeyValueFormat](#key-valueformat) requirements.
* SkuPriceDetails keys SHOULD conform to [PascalCase](#glossary:pascalcase) format.
* SkuPriceDetails nullability is defined as follows:
  * SkuPriceDetails MUST be null when SkuPriceId is null.
  * SkuPriceDetails MAY be null when SkuPriceId is not null.
* When SkuPriceDetails is not null, SkuPriceDetails adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * SkuPriceDetails MUST NOT contain properties which are not applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.
  * SkuPriceDetails MAY contain properties which are already captured in other dedicated columns.
  * SkuPriceDetails SHOULD remain consistent over time for a given SkuPriceId.
  * SkuPriceDetails properties for a given SkuPriceId adhere to the following additional requirements:
      * Existing SkuPriceDetails properties SHOULD remain consistent over time.
      * Existing SkuPriceDetails properties SHOULD NOT be removed.
      * Additional SkuPriceDetails properties MAY be added over time.
  * SkuPriceDetails property key SHOULD remain consistent across comparable SKUs having that property, and the values for this key SHOULD remain in a consistent format.
  * SkuPriceDetails property value MUST represent the value for a single [PricingUnit](#pricingunit) when the property holds a numeric value.

## Column: SKU Price ID

### **SKU Price ID v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The SkuPriceId column adheres to the following requirements:

* SkuPriceId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider publishes a SKU price list.
* SkuPriceId MUST be of type String.
* SkuPriceId MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* SkuPriceId nullability is defined as follows:
  * SkuPriceId MUST be null when [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Tax".
  * SkuPriceId MUST NOT be null when ChargeCategory is "Usage" or "Purchase" and [ChargeClass](#chargeclass) is not "Correction".
  * SkuPriceId MAY be null in all other cases.
* When SkuPriceId is not null, SkuPriceId adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * SkuPriceId MUST be associated with one and only one [SkuId](#skuid), except in cases of [commitment discount flexibility](#glossary:commitment-discount-flexibility).
  * SkuPriceId MUST define a single unit price used for calculating the charge.
  * When a provider does not have a SkuPriceId and wants to include information in columns linked to SkuPriceId such as ListUnitPrice or [SkuPriceDetails](#skupricedetails), the SkuId MAY be used in the SkuPriceId column as long as it adheres to the above conditions.
  * [ListUnitPrice](#listunitprice) MUST be associated with the SkuPriceId in the provider published price list.

## Column: Sub Account ID

### **Sub Account ID v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The SubAccountId column adheres to the following requirements:

* SubAccountId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports a *sub account* construct.
* SubAccountId MUST be of type String.
* SubAccountId MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* SubAccountId nullability is defined as follows:
  * SubAccountId MUST be null when a charge is not related to a *sub account*.
  * SubAccountId MUST NOT be null when a charge is related to a *sub account*.

## Column: Sub Account Name

### **Sub Account Name v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The SubAccountName column adheres to the following requirements:

* SubAccountName MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports a *sub account* construct.
* SubAccountName MUST be of type String.
* SubAccountName MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* SubAccountName nullability is defined as follows:
  * SubAccountName MUST be null when [SubAccountId](#subaccountid) is null.
  * SubAccountName MUST NOT be null when SubAccountId is not null.

## Column: Tags

### **Tags v.1.2 (Simplified Refinement)**

The Tags column adheres to the following requirements:

* Tags MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports setting user or provider-defined tags.
* Tags MUST conform to [KeyValueFormat](#key-valueformat) requirements.
* Tags MAY be null.
* When Tags is not null, Tags adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * Tags MUST contain user-defined and provider-defined tags.
  * Tags MUST only contain finalized tags.
  * Tag key with a non-null value for a given *resource* SHOULD be included in the Tags column.
  * Tag key with a null value for a given *resource* MAY be included in the Tags column depending on the provider's tag finalization process.
  * Tag key that does *not* support a corresponding value, MUST have a corresponding true (boolean) value set.
  * Providers MUST publish tag finalization methods and semantics within their respective documentation when tag finalization is supported.
  * Providers MUST NOT alter user-defined tag keys or values.
  * Provider-defined tags adhere to the following additional requirements:
    * Provider-defined tags MUST be prefixed with a provider-specified tag key prefix.
    * Providers SHOULD publish all provider-specified tag key prefixes within their respective documentation.
