# Invoice ID

An Invoice ID is a provider-assigned identifier for an invoice encapsulating some or all charges in the corresponding [*billing period*](#glossary:billing-period) for a given [*billing account](#glossary:billing-account). Invoices are commonly used for scenarios like tracking billing transactions, facilitating payment processes and for performing invoice reconciliation between usage and invoice months. 

The Invoice ID column adheres to the following requirements:

* InvoiceId is RECOMMENDED to be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* InvoiceId MUST be of type String.
* InvoiceId MUST conform to [String Handling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* InvoiceId MUST be null when the [*charge*](#glossary:charge) is not associated either with an issued invoice or with a pre-generated provisional invoice.
* InvoiceId MUST NOT be null when the *charge* is associated with either an issued invoice or a pre-generated provisional invoice.
* InvoiceId MUST be associated with one and only one [BillingAccountId](#billingaccountid) within a customer.
* InvoiceId MAY be generated prior to an invoice being issued
* Where a pre-generated Invoice or provisional invoice exists, it MUST be associated with the related charge and billingaccountId


See [Appendix: Grouping constructs for resources or services](#groupingconstructsforresourcesorservices) for details and examples of the different grouping constructs supported by FOCUS.

## Column ID

InvoiceId

## Display Name

Invoice Id

## Description

The unique identifier assigned to invoices encapsulating some or all usage charges for the billing period generated by the provider.

## Content constraints

|    Constraint   |      Value       |
|:----------------|:-----------------|
| Column type     | Dimension        |
| Feature level   | Optional        |
| Allows nulls    | True            |
| Data type       | String           |
| Value format    | \<not specified> |

## Introduced (version)

1.2
